---
categories:

---
Original Rules
--------------

![](GamesMagazineContest29.gif)

This online contest is similar to our previous online Role Playing
contests ( 1, 2 , and 3). In the diagram below, each diamond represents
a film and each circle represents an actor (blue) or actress (pink).
Lines connect films with actors or actresses who appear in them, not
necessarily in a leading role. Note that each film connects to at least
two actors or actresses, and each actor or actress connects to at least
two films. All the films are from the 21st century. None are shorts or
documentaries, but some may have only been shown (so far) at film
festivals.

The number or numbers in each circle indicate how many letters are in
the first and/or last name of that actor or actress. For example, “7,?”
indicates a seven-letter first name, and “?,7” indicates a seven-letter
last name. Each question mark stands for a 3, 4, 6, or 9. No information
is provided about the film titles.

The middle circle is empty, and represents an actress who may have any
number of letters in each of her names. As the lines indicate, she was
in all 13 films represented in the diagram. Her name is the answer to
the contest.

To enter this contest, first read the detailed rules (see the link at
the bottom of this page), then select the Enter Button below to view the
entry form. Enter your answer in the “Contest Answer” box, complete all
other required information, and choose Submit.

The contest deadline is September 30, 2010.

Prep for Computer Import
------------------------

![](GamesMagazineContest29-WithNodes.gif "image")\
Now that we have numbered nodes, we can talk about which nodes connect
with each. I used a separate list for movies versus actors.

Solution
--------

Setup your own mysql server, add a imdb user, create the imdb database,
import the data, run the program according to the README instructions.

### One Possible Solution

![](GamesMagazineContest29-solution.png "image")

